Use W,A,S,D to move.
Use the mouse to control the camera.
Navigate to the red panel to claim victory.


Left-click to jump. Try vaulting over these walls.
Yellow ramps make you jump much higher.



Purple ramps induce extreme speed. Use with caution.
You can right-click to brake.



The floating cubes, also known as cubies, grant a hefty amount of points if you collect them, among other things...




White ramps are checkpoints.
They save your progress in the current level.
Hurray!


Are you ready for your first real level?
Nice and easy.



Unless you're a very brave person, you should attempt these levels in order.




Rest assured, each cubie has been proven collectable by calm and collected cubie collectors.




How are you finding these levels?
Send your thoughts and concerns to mr.flyingpants@gmail.com



The 5th level of each stage ramps up the difficulty.
...hehe, get it?



There may be multiple paths you can take to finish a level. 
Some are faster (and less obvious) than others.



The crosshair can be used to navigate to hard-to-reach areas.




If Mr. Ball is in contact with many surfaces, he will take advantage of any special effects that they have to offer.




Having sufficient angular momentum is required to scale certain obstacles.
Which means Mr. Ball should have a run-up before attempting the jumps in this level.



Mr. Ball was inspired by a very old game called 'Marble Blast Gold'.




Orange ramps push Mr. Ball in the direction that they are facing when he jumps on them.




If Mr.Ball is touching both yellow and orange ramps, both types of jump effects will be applied.




The Sun just unleashed a violent burst of radiation!	
Some ramps have mutated, but functionally behave the same.



Some people ask me how Mr. Ball rolls with such elegance. 
I say that it's with state-of-the-art gyroscope technology.



In case you were wondering, cubies also gyrate using state-of-the-art gyroscope tech.




Blue ramps change gravity by considering the normal to surface from a raycast originating from the centre of...
Actually, it's best if you try it out for yourself.



Using the same blue ramp may lead to very different gravities, in the same way that the same orange ramp may push you in different directions.




The dude who implemented these gravity ramps spent a lot of time on them.
He hopes that you enjoy playing around with them.



You can usually use the number of checkpoints in a level to estimate its difficulty.
Usually.



There are several ways to approach this level.




The Sun emitted another burst of solar radiation!
Be advised that the once docile ramps may exhibit uncontrollable motions.



White ramps are your friends.
...most of the time anyway.



Some cubies aren't difficult to collect; they are just well hidden.




All cubies have a nonlethal method of collecting them. 
They are key to getting the gold challenge cubie.



Although dying is normally ill-advised, sometimes Mr.Ball needs to suicide to make progress in a level.



If Mr.Ball accelerates using gyroscopes, why can't he move in midair? 
That's because he once had a traumatic experience in an airplane and has since developed a fear of flying, so he freezes up.


One might ask why this ball is male. Mr. Ball once watched an episode of Downton Abbey and was obsessed with becoming a gentleman every since.

Black panels emit electromagnetic radiation, which interfere with Mr. Ball's visual sensors!

Roses are red, violets are blue, I wonder what both colours will